README.md, before:

***TensorFI: A fault injector for TensorFlow applications
 (https://github.com/karthikp-ubc/TensorFI)***

TensorFI is a fault injector for TensorFlow applications written in 
Python. It instruments the Tensorflow graph to inject faults at the
level of individual operators. Unlike other fault injection tools,
the faults are injected at a higher level of abstraction, and hence
can be easily mapped to the Tensorflow graph. Further, the fault
injector can be configured though a YAML file. 

*This file constains installation instructions and dependencies. For
details of how TensorFI works, please refer to the README file*

**0.Supported/Tested Platforms**

TensorFI has been tested on the following platforms and installations:

1. Ubuntu Linux (v 4.10) with TensorFlow (v. 1.4.1)
2. Ubuntu Linux (v 4.4) with TensorFlow (v. 1.5)  
3. Ubuntu Linux (v 16.4) with TensorFlow (v. 1.10.0) 
4. MacOSX (v10.12 and v10.13) with TensorFlow (v 1.5 and v 1.10.0) 

In general, any UNIX platform should work. We haven't tested it on Windows though.

**1.Dependencies**

1. TensorFlow Framework (v 1.0 or greater)

2. Python (v2.7 or greater, but not Python 3)

3. PyYaml (v3 or greater)

4. SciKit module in Python

5. Sklearn module in Python

6. enum module in Python

7. numpy package (part of TensorFlow)

8. (Optional) matplotlib package in Python

9. (Optional) tkinter package in Python

**2. Installation instructions**

A. To install, first install PyYaml v3 and above.
For example, you would type:

	pip install PyYaml

B. Install TensorFlow. You don't need to install
the GPU version if you don't want to. Make
sure you install TensorFlow for Python 2.7, not 3.
TensorFlow installation instructions can be found at:

	https://www.tensorflow.org/install/

C. install the scipy and sklearn modules. On both
Ubutnu and MacOS, type:

	pip install scipy

	pip install sklearn

D. Set your PYTHONPATH to the TENSORFIHOME
where TENSORFIHOME is where you've installed TensorFI
(This assumes you're using bash as your shell).

	export PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:$TENSORFIHOME

E. Run the test files by going to the TENSORFIHOME,
directory and running runAll.sh in Tests. All the
tests should pass if your installation was successful. 
The script will also check if you have all of 
the above packages installed correctly.

	Tests/runAll.sh

NOTE: The runAll script will create new subdirectories
in the TENSORFIHOME directory (faultLogs and stats),
so make sure you have the permissions to do so when 
you run it (or you can manually create the directories).
Also, make sure the python interpreter name is correct
in the script (it defaults to python) - if not, change it.

F. If you want a visual demo of TensorFI, 
  try running autoencoder.py from TensorFIHOME directory.

	python Tests/autoencoder.py

You will see original images (without fault injection)
and the faulty images (with fault injection) for different
fault probabilities ranging from 0.01 to 1.0 in the images.
The images are saved under the Tests/Images sub-directory 
in PNG format (make sure this directory exists first). 

Another visual demo is when you run variational-autoencoder.py
This will also show you the original and faulty images.

	python Tests/variational-autoencoder.py

Yet another visual demo is when you run GANs (Generative
Adversarial Networks). The images with and without faults 
are saved under the Tests/Images sub-directory.
	
	python Tests/gan.py

NOTE: Both use the matplotlib and the python-tk libraries
      so you'll need to install the libraries for the demo.
		
**Refer to the README file for detailed information**

*** If you find TensorFI useful, please cite the following paper: "TensorFI: A configurable fault injector for TensorFlow Applications", Guanpeng Li, Karthik Pattabiraman and Nathan DeBardeleben, 8th IEEE International Workshop on Software Certification (WoSoCER), 2018.**

Commit message:

Added install.sh to instructions

README.md, after:

***TensorFI: A fault injector for TensorFlow applications
 (https://github.com/karthikp-ubc/TensorFI)***

TensorFI is a fault injector for TensorFlow applications written in 
Python. It instruments the Tensorflow graph to inject faults at the
level of individual operators. Unlike other fault injection tools,
the faults are injected at a higher level of abstraction, and hence
can be easily mapped to the Tensorflow graph. Further, the fault
injector can be configured though a YAML file. 

*This file constains installation instructions and dependencies. For
details of how TensorFI works, please refer to the README file*

**0.Supported/Tested Platforms**

TensorFI has been tested on the following platforms and installations:

1. Ubuntu Linux (v 4.10) with TensorFlow (v. 1.4.1)
2. Ubuntu Linux (v 4.4) with TensorFlow (v. 1.5)  
3. Ubuntu Linux (v 16.4) with TensorFlow (v. 1.10.0) 
4. MacOSX (v10.12 and v10.13) with TensorFlow (v 1.5 and v 1.10.0) 

In general, any UNIX platform should work. We haven't tested it on Windows though.

**1.Dependencies**

1. TensorFlow Framework (v 1.0 or greater)

2. Python (v2.7 or greater, but not Python 3)

3. PyYaml (v3 or greater)

4. SciKit module in Python

5. Sklearn module in Python

6. enum module in Python

7. numpy package (part of TensorFlow)

8. (Optional) matplotlib package in Python

9. (Optional) tkinter package in Python

**2. Installation instructions**

**NOTE**: The easiest way to install TensorFI is to use the
provided intall.sh script which will install anaconda package
manager and also the required dependencies, and set the 
appropriate paths. Below, we detail the actions you need to
take for a manual install if you don't want to use install.sh
(to use an existing TensorFlow installation, for example), or
if you have any trouble running the provided install.sh script

A. To install, first install PyYaml v3 and above.
For example, you would type:

	pip install PyYaml

B. Install TensorFlow. You don't need to install
the GPU version if you don't want to. Make
sure you install TensorFlow for Python 2.7, not 3.
TensorFlow installation instructions can be found at:

	https://www.tensorflow.org/install/

C. install the scipy and sklearn modules. On both
Ubutnu and MacOS, type:

	pip install scipy

	pip install sklearn

D. Set your PYTHONPATH to the TENSORFIHOME
where TENSORFIHOME is where you've installed TensorFI
(This assumes you're using bash as your shell).

	export PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:$TENSORFIHOME

E. Run the test files by going to the TENSORFIHOME,
directory and running runAll.sh in Tests. All the
tests should pass if your installation was successful. 
The script will also check if you have all of 
the above packages installed correctly.

	Tests/runAll.sh

NOTE: The runAll script will create new subdirectories
in the TENSORFIHOME directory (faultLogs and stats),
so make sure you have the permissions to do so when 
you run it (or you can manually create the directories).
Also, make sure the python interpreter name is correct
in the script (it defaults to python) - if not, change it.

F. If you want a visual demo of TensorFI, 
  try running autoencoder.py from TensorFIHOME directory.

	python Tests/autoencoder.py

You will see original images (without fault injection)
and the faulty images (with fault injection) for different
fault probabilities ranging from 0.01 to 1.0 in the images.
The images are saved under the Tests/Images sub-directory 
in PNG format (make sure this directory exists first). 

Another visual demo is when you run variational-autoencoder.py
This will also show you the original and faulty images.

	python Tests/variational-autoencoder.py

Yet another visual demo is when you run GANs (Generative
Adversarial Networks). The images with and without faults 
are saved under the Tests/Images sub-directory.
	
	python Tests/gan.py

NOTE: Both use the matplotlib and the python-tk libraries
      so you'll need to install the libraries for the demo.
		
**Refer to the README file for detailed information**

*** If you find TensorFI useful, please cite the following paper: "TensorFI: A configurable fault injector for TensorFlow Applications", Guanpeng Li, Karthik Pattabiraman and Nathan DeBardeleben, 8th IEEE International Workshop on Software Certification (WoSoCER), 2018.**
